You remember
In the future, when you enter the palace, you must be virtuous and virtuous
Abide by women's ethics
Solve the emperor's problems
Why did this Concubine Shu just ask my name?
Go ahead.
This girl
Please come with me, dare to ask my father-in-law
Where is this taking me?
Concubine Shu has some rewards for you
The little master is really lucky
Empress's reward
Never light
Then thank my father-in-law
In the future, I will not forget my father-in-law's carrying certificate
But a transparent master
What a pity!
You have no future
You can't blame our family for this
If you want to blame, you can only blame you for not having that rich life
Help! I can't die!
Ah!
Chase
I'll see how far you can run
Run, you can run quite well
Do you think you can really run? Do it